[workflow] Add a workflow to enforce PR title format (#1219)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/contributor_guide.rst

  This is done by **capitalizing PR tags**:

   - PRs with visible/notable features to the users should be marked with tags starting with **the first letter capitalized**, e.g. ``[Metal], [OpenGL], [IR], [Lang], [CLI]``.
     When releasing a new version, a script (``python/taichi/make_changelog.py``) will generate a changelog with these changes (PR title) highlighted. Therefore it is **important** to make sure the end-users can understand what your PR does, **based on your PR title**.
   - Other PRs (underlying development/intermediate implementation) should use tags with **everything in lowercase letters**: e.g. ``[metal], [opengl], [ir], [lang], [cli]``.

>    - There should be **at most one captialized tag** in a PR title, e.g. ``[GUI] [Mac] Support modifier keys`` (#1189) is a bad example, we should use ``[gui] [Mac] Support modifier keys in GUI`` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Because of the way the release changelog is generated, there should be **at most one captialized tag** in a PR title to prevent duplicate PR highlights. For example, ``[GUI] [Mac] Support modifier keys`` (#1189) is a bad example, we should use ``[gui] [Mac] Support modifier keys in GUI`` instead. Please capitalize the tag that is most relevant to the PR.
```
